@® Electronic Dice: This was a hardware project built using 555 timer , J K_ flip flop IC’s
and a 7 segment display . Here , when the user pushes a button , counting of numbers
from 1 to 6 starts and as soon as the user releases the button , counting stops and a
random number from 1 to 6 is displayed. The numbers here are randomized by
counting the numbers in milliseconds speed

@® Restaurant Management System: This was a simulation project built in electronics
circuit simulator keeping in mind to automate direct food ordering from customer’s
table to chef at kitchen in order to reduce the work load on waiters and servers as well
as to avoid misplacement of ordered food and wrong food order. This also simplifies the
billing system and helps in maintaining annual statistics of a restaurant. Here we used
two modules namely , customer module and kitchen module , each having a functioning
Atmegal6 micro controller and both the modules being connected by a Zigbee
technology. At the customer end , the customer enters the item id with reference to a
menu present on the table and then an acknowledgement is sent to the customer as
the chef receives the order in reference to item id.

Individual Project:

@® Budget Management System: This was a web application project built using HTML,
CSS, Bootstrap, PHP and MySQL. Firstly , the user creates an account by filling all the
credentials in sign up page, then the user can use those login details filled in the sign up
page to login to the application. The user is now redirected to home page, here the user
creates a plan and keeps track of all the expenses and savings made in that plan. A plan
might consist of one or more members in it. The user can view all his current active
plans and expenses made by all the members of a particular plan along with image of
the expense bill if exists

@® TIC TAC TOE: Created a TIC TAC TOE game board using ReactJS and also had
dynamic CSS designs and stores game history.

Website : https://narendra.surge.sh

@ Box Office : Created a Box office app using ReactJS that provides a details about a
show or an actor when a name is entered and also we can bookmark favorite actors and
shows.Data is fetched from TVmaze API. Designs are made using Styled-components
package.

Website : https://narendra27001.github.io/box-office/#/
@® Progressive Chat Application : Created a chat application where a user can create a

group and chat on a particular topic in a group. For details , please do experience by
checking out the following link.

Website : aymar-27001.web.app

Personality Traits :

Hard Worker

Have lots of Patience

Try until the output is achieved

Never give up

Always on venture of learning new things

Hobbies :

“ Coding

“+ Watching movies
